    What is the price of Redmi Note 9?
    Poco M2 has 5000 mAh battery
    Motorola Edge 20 is sleek and stylish
    Apple Iphone is costly
    Roadster is a cheap and good brand
    If you are having cold, use Dolo
    Boat, JBL, Infinty are headphone brands
    What all comes in Gym Workout Kit?
    Cashew nut is Expensive
    What price range laptop do you want
    How much does a 4K TV cost
    MRF, Ceat, Kookabura manufature cricket bat
    Normal size of football is 5
    Samsung M51 has 6000 mAh battery
    Ashirvad Atta is a popular grocery brand
    Sunflower Oil is not good for health
    Yonex Rcquets are good quality badminton racquets
    Realme Narzo 5G is one of the latest product of Realme
    Bata Footwear is one brand that is in Indain market for years
    Fashion Sale is on.
    Different colors of tshirts are available
    Trivandrum is far away from Bangalore
    Delhi is the capital of India
    Roasted almond is delicious.
    Price of most of the items are average.
    Various different mobile cases are available  here 
    Poco M2, Motorola edge 20, Apple Iphone, Samsung M51 are mobile brands
    I want sunflower oil
    Is roasted almonds available
    Almonds, Sunflower oil, atta etc are grocery items
    Football, cricket, badminton, tennis, golf etc are sports items
    Cricket bat is used to play cricket, which is a sport
    T-shirt, jeans, sweaters, shoes are fashion items
    What is the price of Samsung Note
    Show me some T-shirt suggestions
    Is Realme Narzo 5G good
    What is the price of carromboard
    What is the capacity of realme powerbank
    Tv, fridge, washing machine, monitor, keyboard, mouse etc are electronics items
    Is there any electronics items available
    What are the electronics items available
    Give me suggestions for mobiles
    Give me suggestions for grocery items
    Which all grocery items are available
    Suggest me some latest fashion and trends
    What are the new items in fashion category
    I am looking for sports items
    I want sports items
    Is sports items available
    Give me recommendations on fashion items
    What is the price of a product
    How much does it cost
    Which price range you are looking for
    What should be the cost of the product
    Do you want expensive one
    Is a cheaper model available
    Suggest me a higher priced model
    I want a low priced one
    Show me suggestions of average amount
    Suggest some cheap products
    Will it cost high
    Is it available at Trivandrum
    Can I get the delivery at Trivandrum
    Is it available at Kochi
    I want it to be delivered near Kochi
    Is it available at Chennai
    I want to it be delivered at Chennai
    Kochi Chennai Trivandrum Bangalore are cities
    Can I get the product at Bangalore
    I want it to be delivered at Bangalore
    Is it available somewhere near Bangalore
    I will be there at Chennai today
    I want it to be delivered near Kollam
    I want delivery near Kochi and Trivandrum
    I want 5 products
    Is 2 pairs of the same product available
    I want to get four of them
    I want 3 items
    I want 10 of them
    I want to get the product at morning
    Can it be delivered tomorrow
    Is it available after 2 days
    I will be available at evening today
    I want it to be delivered at afternoon
    I can pick the product tomorrow morning
    Will be available from 5 pm to 9 pm
    Can the product be delivered at morning 2 am to 2 pm
    I bought a new mobile called Samsung M51
    What is the memory capacity of Poco M2
    Which is more expensive Samsung Note or Apple Iphone?
    Cashew Nut and Peanut Butter are good for health.
    I've been longing to buy a DSLR Camera since I was in Banglore
    You get cheap T-shirts in Kochi streetshops.
    Sam used to play Football with his dad every weekend.
    Banglore is famous for fashion.
    She packed her Yonex racquet and cricket bat to the stadium.
    Her mom called her to ask whether she you get some Ashirvad Atta and Horlicks from the grocery store.
    Is that your bluetooth headphones?
    The trainer said they would give a gym workout kit along this package.
    The cat jumbed on the carromboard.
    That mobile case is awesome.
    You get that Roadster T-shirt for Rs 299 in Myntra.
    Ram bought a cheap suitcase from Chennai.
    He gifted her a Motorola Edge 20 for her birthday.
    I totally rely on Bata footwear since my childhood.
    Ravi is planning to surprise his mom by purchasing an expensive 4K TV from the electronics store 
    They are planning to go over a staycation in GrandHyatt Trivandrum.
    I ate a Dolo pill this morning 11 am.
    They asked me whether  I had a laptop to work with.
    What are DTH services?
    An eGPU can be plugged into a laptop to boost graphical performance.
    I went to the Fashion store yesterday.
    He took my earphones and never returned it.
    You get averge priced DSLR camera in Amazon this month.
    There is prettygood offers for Realme Narzo 5G and Realme powerBank in Flipkart.
    I give Horlicks to my kids everyday.
    I wonder where she is going with those travel bags.
    I was born and brought up in Kochi.
    My Poco M2 mobile got stolen yesterday in Trivandrum.
    Use sunflower oil to make peanut butter at home.
    We are planning to sell our carromboard away .
    What all are present in that gym workout kit.
    Can I have a look at you Samsung Note?
    Samsung M51 is a lot better than Redmi Note 9.
    You get Ashirvad Atta in almost all grocery shops .
    Is that a Poco M2 ? 
    I have no interest in getting a Motorola Edge 20 .
    My dad used to have a  Apple Iphone .
    Shyam is wearing the same Roadster T-shirt as mine. 
    I used to eat Dolo when I suffered from headaches .
    I served them cashew nuts and  milkshakes.
    Those are my new headphones.
    That is a pretty good expensive laptop.
    Arjun broke his Cricket Bat.
    He used to carry his suitcase to work everyday.
    I love my new Samsung Note mobile.  
    Which Horlicks flavour do you like the most?
    I used to hate watching Football matches when I was a kid.
    Do they provide gym workout kit ? 
    I don't know much about that 4K TV. 
    I have red colour earphones.
    Let me check the reviews about Redmi Note 9 and Samsung M51.   
    I didnt include Sunflower Oil in my diet.
    She used to play with her Yonex racquet.
    Put those travel bags in the locker room.
    I would like to take that T-shirt.
    They said that Realme PowerBank is out of stock.
    I prefer taking pictures in DSLR camera than mobile camera.
    Are Realme Narzo 5G mobiles cheap in India?
    I went to fetch some Ashirvad Atta , Peanut Butter, Roasted Almond along with my sister.
    I misplaced my Bata footwear in the temple.
    I spilled hot chocolate on my carromboard.
    That mobile case has my name on it.
    What do you mean by DTH? 
    He has less knowledge about eGPUs.
    I shifted to Trivandrum for work.
    The food in Bangalore is amazing.
    You get good banana chips in Kochi.
    Chennai is famous for their cuisine.
    I hate going to the grocery store.
    I dropped my mobile in the pool .
    His fashion sense is terrible.
    I opted for electronics and Communication Engineering. 
    That suite is quite expensive.
    Those a cheap handicrafts.
    Roy was an average student in his class.
    Bangalore is the technology hub.
    Trivandrum is one of the fastest growing cities in the coountry
    Delivery to locations near Kochi is delyed due to technical reasons
    How far is kochi from Chennai?
    Main hub of our company is located at Chennai
    It takes almost 12 hours to travel from Bangalore to Chennai
    Pune and Mumbai are in Maharashtra
    Delhi is the capital of India
    Kolkota is one big city in the Eastern region
    Bedsheets and pillow covers have special offer for next two days
    Big billion days in Flipkart started last week.
    There is special offers for grocery items this festival season
    If product delivery delayed today, then it would be delivered in the next working days
    India is a country with wide variety of cuisines
    There is 50% off for sports items bought from Decathalon
    Not all pairs of footwear are good
    Nike, Addidas, Puma are some leading companies in fashion industry
    If it is cheap, then its quality might be compromised
    Is that a Poco M2 ? 
    I have no interest in getting a Motorola Edge 20 .
    My dad used to have a  Apple Iphone .
    Shyam is wearing the same Roadster T-shirt as mine. 
    I used to eat Dolo when I suffered from headaches .
    I served them cashew nuts and  milkshakes.
    Those are my new headphones.
    That is a pretty good expensive laptop.
    Arjun broke his Cricket Bat.
    He used to carry his suitcase to work everyday.
    I love my new Samsung Note mobile.  
    Which Horlicks flavour do you like the most?
    I used to hate watching Football matches when I was a kid.
    Do they provide gym workout kit ? 
    I don't know much about that 4K TV. 
    I have red colour earphones.
    Let me check the reviews about Redmi Note 9 and Samsung M51.   
    I didnt include Sunflower Oil in my diet.
    She used to play with her Yonex racquet.
    Put those travel bags in the locker room.
    I would like to take that T-shirt.
    They said that Realme PowerBank is out of stock.
    I prefer taking pictures in DSLR camera than mobile camera.
    Are Realme Narzo 5G mobiles cheap in India?
    I went to fetch some Ashirvad Atta , Peanut Butter, Roasted Almond along with my sister.
    I misplaced my Bata footwear in the temple.
    I spilled hot chocolate on my carromboard.
    That mobile case has my name on it.
    What do you mean by DTH? 
    He has less knowledge about eGPUs.
    I shifted to Trivandrum for work.
    The food in Bangalore is amazing.
    You get good banana chips in Kochi.
    Chennai is famous for their cuisine.
    I hate going to the grocery store.
    I dropped my mobile in the pool .
    His fashion sense is terrible.
    I opted for electronics and Communication Engineering. 
    That suite is quite expensive.
    Those were cheap handicrafts.
    Roy was an average student in his class